April
April is the fourth month of the year , and comes between March and May .
It is one of four months to have 30 days .
April always begins on the same day of week as July , and additionally , January in leap years .
April always ends on the same day of the week as December .
April 's flowers are the Sweet Pea and Daisy .
Its birthstone is the diamond .
The meaning of the diamond is innocence .
April comes between March and May , making it the fourth month of the year .
It also comes first in the year out of the four months that have 30 days , as June , September and November are later in the year .
April begins on the same day of the week as July every year and on the same day of the week as January in leap years .
April ends on the same day of the week as December every year , as each other 's last days are exactly 35 weeks ( 245 days ) apart .
In common years , April starts on the same day of the week as October of the previous year , and in leap years , May of the previous year .
In common years , April finishes on the same day of the week as July of the previous year , and in leap years , February and October of the previous year .
In common years immediately after other common years , April starts on the same day of the week as January of the previous year , and in leap years and years immediately after that , April finishes on the same day of the week as January of the previous year .
In years immediately before common years , April starts on the same day of the week as September and December of the following year , and in years immediately before leap years , June of the following year .
In years immediately before common years , April finishes on the same day of the week as September of the following year , and in years immediately before leap years , March and June of the following year .
April is a spring month in the Northern Hemisphere and an autumn/fall month in the Southern Hemisphere .
In each hemisphere , it is the seasonal equivalent of October in the other .
It is unclear as to where April got its name .
A common theory is that it comes from the Latin word `` aperire '' , meaning `` to open '' , referring to flowers opening in spring .
Another theory is that the name could come from Aphrodite , the Greek goddess of love .
It was originally the second month in the old Roman Calendar , before the start of the new year was put to January 1 .
Quite a few festivals are held in this month .
In many Southeast Asian cultures , new year is celebrated in this month ( including Songkran ) .
In Western Christianity , Easter can be celebrated on a Sunday between March 22 and April 25 .
In Orthodox Christianity , it can fall between April 4 and May 8 .
At the end of the month , Central and Northern European cultures celebrate Walpurgis Night on April 30 , marking the transition from winter into summer .
Poets use `` April '' to mean the end of winter .
For example : `` April showers bring May flowers . ''
August
August ( Aug. ) is the eighth month of the year in the Gregorian calendar , coming between July and September .
It has 31 days , the same number of days as the previous month , July , and is named after Roman Emperor Augustus Caesar .
August does n't begin on the same day of the week as any other month in common years , but begins on the same day of the week as February in leap years .
August always ends on the same day of the week as November .
This month was first called `` Sextilis '' in Latin , because it was the sixth month in the old Roman calendar .
The Roman calendar began in March about 735 BC with Romulus .
October was the eighth month .
August was the eighth month when January or February were added to the start of the year by King Numa Pompilius about 700 BC .
Or , when those two months were moved from the end to the beginning of the year by the decemvirs about 450 BC ( Roman writers disagree ) .
In 153 BC January 1 was determined as the beginning of the year .
August is named for Augustus Caesar who became Roman consul in this month .
The month has 31 days because Julius Caesar added two days when he created the Julian calendar in 45 BC .
August is after July and before September .
August , in either hemisphere , is the seasonal equivalent of February in the other .
In the Northern hemisphere it is a summer month and it is a winter month in the Southern hemisphere .
No other month in common years begins on the same day of the week as August , but August begins on the same day of the week as February in leap years .
August ends on the same day of the week as November every year , as each other 's last days are 13 weeks ( 91 days ) apart .
In common years , August starts on the same day of the week as March and November of the previous year , and in leap years , June of the previous year .
In common years , August finishes on the same day of the week as March and June of the previous year , and in leap years , September of the previous year .
In common years immediately after other common years , August starts on the same day of the week as February of the previous year .
In years immediately before common years , August starts on the same day of the week as May of the following year , and in years immediately before leap years , October of the following year .
In years immediately before common years , August finishes on the same day of the week as May of the following year , and in years immediately before leap years , February and October of the following year .
Art
Art is a creative activity that expresses imaginative or technical skill It produces a product , an object.Art is a diverse range of human activities in creating visual , performing artifacts , expressing the author 's imaginative mind .
The product of art is called a work of art , for others to experience .
Some art is useful in a practical sense , such as a sculptured clay bowl that can be used .
That kind of art is sometimes called a `` craft '' .
Those who make art are called artists .
They hope to affect the emotions of people who experience it .
Some people find art relaxing , exciting or informative .
Some say people are driven to make art due to their inner creativity .
`` The arts '' is a much broader term .
It includes drawing , painting , sculpting , photography , performance art , dance , music , poetry , prose and theatre .
Art is divided into the plastic arts , where something is made , and the performing arts , where something is done by humans in action .
The other division is between pure arts , done for themselves , and practical arts , done for a practical purpose , but with artistic content .
Some people say that art is a product or item that is made with the intention of stimulating the human senses as well as the human mind , spirit and soul .
An artwork is normally judged by how much impact it has on people , the number of people who can relate to it , and how much they appreciate it .
Some people also get inspired .
The first and broadest sense of `` art '' means `` arrangement '' or `` to arrange . ''
In this sense , art is created when someone arranges things found in the world into a new or different design or form ; or when someone arranges colors next to each other in a painting to make an image or just to make a pretty or interesting design .
Art may express emotion .
Artists may feel a certain emotion and wish to express it by creating something that means something to them .
Most of the art created in this case is made for the artist rather than an audience .
However , if an audience is able to connect with the emotion as well , then the art work may become publicly successful .
There are sculptures , cave painting and rock art dating from the Upper Paleolithic era .
All of the great ancient civilizations , such as Ancient Egypt , India , China , Greece , Rome and Persia had works and styles of art .
In the Middle Ages , most of the art in Europe showed people from the Bible in paintings , stained glass windows , and mosaic tile floors and walls .
Islamic art includes geometric patterns , Islamic calligraphy , and architecture .
In India and Tibet , painted sculptures , dance , and religious painting were done .
In China , arts included jade carving , bronze , pottery , poetry , calligraphy , music , painting , drama , and fiction .
There are many Chinese artistic styles , which are usually named after the ruling dynasty .
In Europe , after the Middle Ages , there was a `` Renaissance '' which means `` rebirth '' .
People rediscovered science and artists were allowed to paint subjects other than religious subjects .
People like Michelangelo and Leonardo da Vinci still painted religious pictures , but they also now could paint mythological pictures too .
These artists also invented perspective where things in the distance look smaller in the picture .
This was new because in the Middle Ages people would paint all the figures close up and just overlapping each other .
In the late 1800s , artists in Europe , responding to Modernity created many new painting styles such as Classicism , Romanticism , Realism , and Impressionism .
The history of twentieth century art includes Expressionism , Fauvism , Cubism , Dadaism , Surrealism , and Minimalism .
In some societies , people think that art belongs to the person who made it .
They think that the artist put his or her `` talent '' and industry into the art .
In this view , the art is the property of the artist , protected by copyright .
In other societies , people think that art belongs to no one .
They think that society has put its social capital into the artist and the artist 's work .
In this view , society is a collective that has made the art , through the artist .
The functions of art include :
1 ) Cognitive function
2 ) Aesthetic function
3 ) Prognostic function
4 ) Recreation function
